When your only tool is a hammer, all problems start looking like nails.
99 percent of lawyers give the rest a bad name.
Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity.
The last thing I want to do is insult you. But it IS on the list.
  I don't have a solution, but I do admire the problem.
The only substitute for good manners is fast reflexes.
Support bacteria - they're the only culture some people have.
Letting the cat out of the bag is a whole lot easier than putting it back in.
Well, here I am! What are your other two wishes?
Sounds like its time to get that Enterprise built!
Time does'nt exist. Clocks exists.
My mind’s made up, don’t confuse me with facts.
Talk is cheap. Until you hire a lawyer.
Take my advice — I'm not using it.
I got lost in thoughts. It was unfamiliar territory.
Sure, I'd love to help you out ... now, which way did you come in?
I would like to slip into something more comfortable - like a coma.
I started with nothing, and I still have most of it.
Ever stop to think, and forget to start again?
There is no dance without the dancers.
Out of my mind. Back in five minutes.
The problem with trouble shooting is that trouble shoots back.
If you are here - who is running hell?
If nothing was learned, nothing was taught.
Very funny, Scotty. Now beam down my clothes...
The dogs bark but the caravan moves on. [Arabic saying]
Which one of these is the non-smoking lifeboat?
Treat each day as your last; one day you will be right.
Red meat is not bad for you. Fuzzy green meat is bad for you.
The early bird may get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
Isn't it scary that doctors call what they do "practice"?
The problem with sex in the movies is, that the popcorn usually spills.
If I want your opinion, I'll ask you to fill out the necessary forms.
Living on Earth is expensive, but it does include a free trip around the sun.
Despite the cost of living, have you noticed how popular it remains?
All power corrupts. Absolute power is pretty neat, though.
Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else.
Everybody repeat after me: "We are all individuals."
Confession is good for the soul, but bad for your career.
A bartender is just a pharmacist with a limited inventory.
I want patience - AND I WANT IT NOW!!!!
A day for firm decisions! Or is it?
Am I ambivalent? Well, yes and no.
Bombs don't kill people, explosions kill people.
Bureaucrats cut red tape, lengthwise.
Help stamp out, eliminate and abolish redundancy!
How many of you believe in telekinesis? Raise MY hand!
A dog has an owner. A cat has a staff.
Every organisation is perfectly designed to get the results they are getting.
Welcome to Utah: set your watch back 20 years.
Seen it all, done it all, can't remember most of it.
Under my gruff exterior lies an even gruffer interior.
Jesus loves you, it's everybody else that thinks you're an a...
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism; to steal from many is research.
I am an agent of Satan, but my duties are largely ceremonial.
You have the capacity to learn from your mistakes, and you will learn a lot today.
Failure is not an option. It's bundled with your software.
I think sex is better than logic, but I can't prove it.
I drive way too fast to worry about cholesterol.
When everything's coming your way, you're in the wrong lane and going the wrong way.
If at first you don't succeed, redefine success.
If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried.
I want to go to IKEA, hide in a wardrobe, wait for someone to open it and yell "WELCOME TO NARNIA".
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass ... it's about learning to dance in the rain!
My conscience is clean  — I have never used it.
Sugar - Honey - Iced  - Tea ... Guess what it means.
The pun is mightier than the word.
The road to success is always under construction. [Lily Tomlin]
All my life I've always wanted to be somebody. But I see now I should have been more specific.[Jane Wagner]
I worry whoever thought up the term "quality control" thought if we didn't control it, it would get out of hand.
When I was a boy I was told that anybody could become president. I'm beginning to believe it.
I don't suffer from insanity. I enjoy every minute of it.
I said yes, which turned out to be the right answer. [Pat Sajak]
The only power you have is the word 'no'. [Frances McDormand]
Art doesn't transform. It just plain forms. [Roy Lichtenstein]
Attempt to get a new car for your spouse - it'll be a great trade.
I said "no" to drugs, but they just wouldn't listen.
I don't like balance. Balance is not a word you can use in Versace fashion. [Donatella Versace]
Hypochondria is the only disease I haven't got.
Everyday is a gift, that's why they call it the present.
Good judgment comes from experience, and experience ... well, that comes from poor judgment.
Answering machine message: "You're growing tired. Your eyelids are getting heavy. You feel very sleepy now. You are gradually losing your willpower and your ability to resist suggestions.
When you hear the tone you will feel helplessly compelled to leave your name, number, and a message"
Just because your doctor has a name for your condition doesn't mean he knows what it is.
There is always light at the end of the tunnel - if there isn't, it's not a tunnel ...
  If you had to identify, in one word, the reason why the human race has not achieved, and never will achieve, its full potential, that word would be "meetings".
A person who is nice to you, but rude to the waiter, is not a nice person (pay attention, this one never fails - although the reverse conclusion is not always true).
I believe we should all pay our tax bill with a smile. I tried — but they wanted cash.
Why can't you play cards on a small boat? Because someone is always sitting on the deck.
Bowling Alley: Please be quiet. We need to hear a pin drop.
Cafeteria: Shoes are required to eat in the cafeteria. (Socks can eat any place they want.)
Car Dealership: The best way to get back on your feet — miss a car payment.
Are these genes in your jeans or are you just happy to see me?
That that is, is, that that is not, is not. [try understaning that without the commas set]
My favorite bumper stickers says: "All generalizations are false."
The road to hell is paved with good intentions.
When one door shuts, another opens.
He who pays the piper calls the tune.
You can lead a horse to water, but you can't make it drink.
When the going gets tough, the tough get going.
If it ain't broke, don't fix it.
A fool with a tool is still a fool.
If you can't convince them, confuse them.
That's the silliest thing I ever assimilated. [Groucho Borg]